Added description for devtools and note for SW (#784)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/sites_frameworks/getting_started/next.md

## {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} Devtools {/* devtools */}

To understand better the caching mechanism, you can add {{ PRODUCT }} Devtools to see the caching metrics. Add the following code to your `_app.tsx` file:

```js filename='_app.tsx'
import {useDevtools} from '@edgio/react';
const MyApp = ({Component, pageProps}) => {
  useDevtools();
  // ... rest of your _app.js code

> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
};
```
```

## {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} Devtools {/* devtools */}

> To understand better the caching mechanism, you can add {{ PRODUCT }} devtools to see the caching metrics. Add the following code to your _app.tsx file:
> ```js filename='_app.js'
> 
> import {useDevtools} from '@edgio/react';
> const MyApp = ({Component, pageProps}) => {
>   useDevtools();
>   // ... rest of your _app.js code
> };
> ```
> 
> You can control how devtools are displayed in production with {{ PRODUCT }} config, see [Config Options](#disableDevtools) for setting the `disableEdgioDevTools` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand better the caching mechanism, you can add {{ PRODUCT }} Devtools to see the caching metrics. Add the following code to your `_app.tsx` file:

```js filename='_app.tsx'
import {useDevtools} from '@edgio/react';
const MyApp = ({Component, pageProps}) => {
  useDevtools();
  // ... rest of your _app.js code
};
```

You can control how Devtools is displayed in production within the {{ PRODUCT }} config file. See [Config Options](#disableDevtools) for setting the `disableEdgioDevTools` flag.
```

};
```

<Callout type="info">

> From Next 13 when `app` folder is used, adding `useServiceWorker` hook may break the build, as all pages in `app` folder are by default server components. In order to avoid this, hooks must be placed in client components only. To do this, add `use client` directive at the top of the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Next.js 13, when the `app` directory is used, adding `useServiceWorker` hook may break the build, as all pages in the `app` directory are by default server components. In order to avoid this, hooks must be placed in a client-only component. To do this, add [`use client` directive](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#the-use-client-directive) at the top of the component.
```
